# Overview and Motivation
For human traders it is a natural desire to visualize the stock market. Over the years, many stock market “heat maps” have cropped up on the web. Usually, they come and go. One of the key reasons appears to be that many of these efforts heavily focus on the graphics and miss the elephant in the room, which is functionality. The main challenge with stock market visualization tools is that the number of stocks is large (in thousands), far larger than what a (typical) human can meaningfully digest. Exacerbate that with convoluted (albeit fancy) graphics and it becomes virtually impossible to follow such a “heat map”. It is simply too much information to process
The data is not always the boring number. Sometimes you can earn the money by mining them. So we called this “Data value Digging”. 
Many people are very interesting in investing stock market, for example Dow 30, Nasdaq, S&P 500. But most of the investors have no idea what kind of stock I should buy, what time is the best time to sell. If they don’t make clear of these questions they will lost money instead earning money.

# Related Work
In recent years, by the development of Machine Learning technology, people pay more attention in the Business Intelligence(BI). Business intelligence (BI) comprises the strategies and technologies used by enterprises for the data analysis of business information. BI technologies provide historical, current and predictive views of business operations. Common functions of business intelligence technologies include reporting, online analytical processing, analytics, data mining, process mining, complex event processing, business performance management, benchmarking, text mining, predictive analytics and prescriptive analytics. BI technologies can handle large amounts of structured and sometimes unstructured data to help identify, develop and otherwise create new strategic business opportunities. They aim to allow for the easy interpretation of these big data. Identifying new opportunities and implementing an effective strategy based on insights can provide businesses with a competitive market advantage and long-term stability.
In the Business Intelligence process, the first and a very important processing is the showing the data, which means the data visualization. Only information that is absolutely necessary for the contextual understanding of the data will be depicted. The general rule for BI displays is “less is more.” Eliminate as much visual clutter as possible and let the data present itself as simply as possible. The purpose of business intelligence systems is to relate a clear message about data that is easily understood and interpreted consistently across the highest percentage of users. It is not about entertainment or visual interest for the sake of decoration. So through this project, we want to make a good attempt by using the technology we learned from the course to explore the data visualization technology using in BI process.
https://visme.co/blog/business-intelligence-visualization/
